welcome everyone I'm through
and today I'm making a BLT sandwich
I've got about five slices of bacon here
that I have baked and if you've never
heard of bacon bacon go ahead and check
out my youtube video on how to bake
bacon I don't think you'll ever go back
to the frying pan once you try it
over here I have mayonnaise now I love
mayonnaise on my DLTS if you don't like
it keep it off but to me it makes all
the difference in the world
I put a little fresh cracked pepper on
my BLT but my family loves of course the
romaine lettuce so we use romaine
lettuce it's a real Hardy lettuce but if
you like iceberg or any other lettuce
that'll do and then of course we've got
a beautiful red tomato here and then
back here I have some bread that I've
toasted I have a whole wheat bread now
you may use whichever bread that you
like it is your preference but to get
the BLT assemble take a little
mayonnaise I go from side to side make
sure to get all the corners okay just
pick it up there show you how I'm doing
and and there's nothing better than a
delicious fresh BLT I think it is the
best and now we're going to go ahead put
a little mayonnaise here on the other
side and now to get this assemble I'm
going to go ahead and get this serving
plate out of the way that our two slices
of toast here and then I start off on
one side and I just layer the bacon
slices okay just like that you think
they're a little too long you can cut
them into no big deal if you don't like
them sticking out over the edge and then
of course you're going to put your
romaine lettuce or whichever lettuce you
like over here on this side then you're
going to take your tomato and I'm going
to give it a nice little slice oh my
gosh this tomato looks absolutely
delicious look how beautiful that turns
out I'm going to just make a nice slice
big thick slice of tomato here now if
you like then be my guest in you soon
with the tomato
spec over here and we're going to add
this slice right here on to the top of
the brain I'm right now rated pepper on
it a little bit there on the bacon as
well and now we're going to fold it on
top like this
I'm going to take it at night you see a
little ridges little teeth and we're
going to cut right down this theory and
look in there one spectacular BLT that
will melt in your mouth
here we go I'm going to try it out
hey there
that is one VLT you'll make over and
over again
hey y'all this is grounded thanks for
watching I'll catch you next time